hi it's true we're at the end
today unpacking video before the
test video that will arrive from here
few days at most a few
weeks but it's going to be very fast from
lg g3 a mobile that you have been very
numerous
just sales m is like I come
to tell you this will happen very
quickly
and today is the video of
unpacking and to tell you it's
really really for a very purpose
selfish that I present to you this
phone just because you
imagine it maybe if you
know shut up for fun and well you
know the ng2 and already my personal mobile
inevitably I was waiting with a lot
impatience the lg 3 it's done
he's here and I'll probably get you
you doubt it by doing in the end my
personal mobile then today we are
on a close copy
unfortunately I will not be able
preserved we can not have everything but I
still a pleasure
for precisely the test that will last
some days
but anyway today
is on the unpacking video go
truce of blah we will do a little
box owner's ride is enough
design is pretty original we take again
actually a very clean style to
alger with a very rectangular format
but here we have two languages ​​etc
it is very classy and necessarily that you
puts in an atmosphere that is that of
high-end wii the lg g37 a mobile
high-end I call it worth
still 600 euros so we're on a
phone that is clearly in the
slice hearings or even
ultra high end as I like
the qualified ones and so that's it
feels only on the
packaging we already put you at lg in
a very special atmosphere
it's really high-end then
on the front of the box one
found the mark awarded 3 on
also finds that this
phone won at them on Tuesday the global
mobile awards all fathers and protein
link with my very good good accent in
big he won an unum award a
consecration a trophy at the last
trade show that was organized
especially by the GSM has alas gsm enough
organizer of the mobile world congress
especially he stands in barcelona
then we find lg g3 labeling of
lg g3 lg logo again and it's up to
the back of the box we find a
number of spec actually
finally, but it's very fast
there is not a leap years it is
besides something that reminds me
enormously the press presentation we have it
seen during the sg press presentation
did not dwell on the specs lg was
actually lingering on the features
does that bring you so it's
another way to see telephony
mobile
in any case it finally changes
the angle very very specifications even if
vj 3 is a crude
a racehorse so we have a screen of
5.5 inches quad hd it's not the
full hd it's not hd ready it's
Above so that crazy the quad grc
hd if of the two cases we find a
snapdragon 801 processor we have a high
1 watt speaker
good but to be stressed because
it's rare on a phone
to have so much power a sensor
3 megapixel photo with dual led flash
and stabilizer also we have a laser
to do autofocus
which apparently visibly
the ouch against the builder of according
the information almost makes more
still effective this auto focus more
fast and we have a battery of three
milliamps hours then the box
she has already been me I you the you
open I got myself I could not resist
and so the phone is here and yes
it's a man you'll see him very
very very beautiful phone including here
proposed in gray gray version
dark gray anthracite very beautiful very
class then it's a battery cover that
looks like brushed aluminum but
no it's still good plastic despite
everything we could have regretted
maybe just that it is not
metal
on the other hand the advantage is that
precisely this kind of battery cover is
extractable and provides access to the
battery which in turn becomes
extractable so you can change it
and that's what was actually asked
precisely on the g2 which for him suddenly
I remember it had a battery
which was not extractable since he
it's a unibody the ng2 it's
impossible to disassemble good after I say
impossible if you are a repairer
you know how to do it and then if
you take a little time you'll know
how to do it but in the absolute what
is not made to be disassembled this
kind of phone
so here are the g2 g3 good little video on
see it's not the goal here is to
make a comparison but here dd 3 is
already the largest and yet he did not
badly or what is to say that we go from
50.2 grows to 5.5 inches but more
of the g3 that he is very well worked at
level of its chassis that's at the level of
its bodywork there are very frames
very hungry that's my little video with the
g2 cold i leave you i have two you
see it there are different styles the
style it's more exactly the same
but we still find the
small peculiarities so especially this
famous button on the back that's who
controls the phone that allows
control the phone very beautiful mobile
very beautiful mobile but I'm there
will come back during the test there it's time
to continue otherwise I will linger
I'm going to be contemplating then at
inside the box what do we
found in addition a small
documentation the getting started guide
quick lg g3 for once he's in
English necessarily it's a very boy
they gave me
in the versions of almost necessarily who
is English whose gabon can not all
to have but it does not matter it remains a
guide
so in the end what will change position
so we find what else
find in which and well you go
see lg is not doing things by half
because we have a very very good kit
pedestrian
and yes it's a real good pedestrian kit
nice with the real in-ear headphones
this is what makes the
difference also dlg compared to a
number of English competitors there
including position on the same market
on the same segment
is that where there is work you
see the headphones they have a small
form they were reworked which donations
are curved finally they are curve has
constantly adapting best to your
auditory canal that's how we get them
called one your two ears in water and
the cable itself has two
peculiarities it is flat so it is
do not go without exactly
do nodes jack and 3.5
curves and probably to allow
precisely better placed on the
phone
rather than having a jack right there are
well the microphone input with a control of
volume plus - and a hung button
pick up so it's a real good kit
pedestrian already nothing that that it puts you
already in the mood we are on some
thing that is clearly explained if we
think that just the unpacking crate
gifts with him and we have a
series of tips that can adapt and
well this same pedestrian kit to your ears
because we are not all the same size
of auditory canal repeats to me
so that's enough provided with the
phone we also find cable
usb micro usb go very very classy
very classy sorry very very basic
very simple with a plastic
very soft rubbery found
also the typical AC adapter
lg down we go the big ones too
classic format including france for
the blow finally formed to europe with
the very classic usb input
nothing to add on it we find
also the battery and this famous has
extractable fact that I told you
a few moments that makes 3000
milliamperes hours prom at 3 min in
terror millions battery a good
big battery anyway and that makes
pleasure just to have a good
big battery / did not lose 5.25
inches who needs to consume a little
of energy but lg claims in particular
energy consumption patterns
rehearsal to prevent precisely that the
phone is too greedy in
little recap of what we
found in the box of lg g3 the
again the successor of the ng2 so we
found the battery of 3000 thousand in
eur eutractive pair you saw it on
also finds the usb cable
micro usb we also find the
drummer sector we find small
documentation and especially especially finally
among other good points the pedestrian kit
which is really worked well
very nice if only by his
shape and we also imagine by its quality
I talked to you about it during the
test
thank you for managing the video of
unpacking the hadj and g3 and you
imagine it now I have a live
impatience for even the
test so that will happen very
shortly
see you soon cha cha